Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D'S."
Goodwin: I'VE WAITED A LONG TIME
FOR THIS MOMENT:
THE FOUR SIGNERS ALL TOGETHER!
All: HUH? UHH.
Akiza: LOOK!
Yusei: WHAT IS IT?!
Goodwin: THIS, MY FRIENDS,
IS THE STAIRWAY
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
Yusei: WHAT'S THAT SHAPE?
Luna: IT LOOKS LIKE
ALL OF OUR SIGNS!
IT IS THE SYMBOL
THAT BINDS YOU ALL
AND DEFINES YOU AS SIGNERS:
PROTECTORS OF THE WORLD!
THE CRIMSON DRAGON SENSED
THE STRENGTH IN YOUR HEARTS
AND CHOSE THE FOUR OF YOU TO
TAKE ON THE ARMY OF SHADOWS.
ALL OF NEW DOMINO CITY
HAS BECOME A BATTLEFIELD...
EVERY INNOCENT PERSON
A POTENTIAL VICTIM.
AND OUR CITY IS
JUST THE BEGINNING.
IF WE FAIL TO DEFEAT
THE DARK SIGNERS,
TO STOP THE ARMY OF SHADOWS
FROM AWAKENING,
THE SOULS OF THE PLANET
WILL FALL INTO DARKNESS...
THE TASK THAT'S BEFORE US JUST
MIGHT BE IMPOSSIBLE TO EVER WIN.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
WE'VE LOST BEFORE
THE FIRST DRAW?!
I'M NOT SAYING
THERE'S NO HOPE AT ALL.
YOU MUST FACE
ALL OF THEM TOGETHER.
MY NAME IS LAZAR, AND I WORK
UNDER DIRECTOR GOODWIN.
YA' KNOW WHAT
I THINK, BUDDY?!
I THINK YOU'RE TRYIN'
TO TRICK ME,
YOU'RE A DARK SIGNER
AND I'M GOING
TO PROVE IT!
Both: BRING IT ON!
Lazar: NOW JESTER LORD,
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY.
UHH!
HEH, HEH, HEH... I ADMIT,
THAT WAS GOOD.
BUT I CAME HERE
TO HELP YUSEI
TAKE YOU
DARK SIGNERS OUT,
SO DON'T THINK
FOR A SECOND
THAT I'M EVEN CLOSE
TO BACKING DOWN.
IF YOU'RE SO CONVINCED
THAT I'M A DARK SIGNER...
WHY DON'T YOU PUSH ME
TO MY LIMITS
BY FORCING ME INTO A CORNER
WHERE I'LL HAVE TO RELY
ON MY DARK
AND MYSTERIOUS POWERS?
HEH! FUNNY YOU SHOULD
SAY THAT, PAL,
CAUSE THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I'M ABOUT TO DO.
SO GET READY TO COME
FACE-TO-FACE
WITH YOUR
BREAKING POINT.
[CHUCKLES]
[GRUNTS]
♪ GOING FAST MAKES ME
FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
I NEVER PAID MUCH
ATTENTION TO SUNSETS,
AND NOW THIS COULD BE
THE LAST ONE WE SEE.
IT "COULD"...
BUT NOW, WE'RE A PART
OF A TEAM.
AND WE'RE ALL GONNA
DEFEAT THE DARKNESS.
YEAH.
I ALMOST FEEL BAD
FOR THOSE
DARK SIGNERS.
THEY DON'T KNOW
WHAT'S COMING!
[BOTH SIGH]
CARLY... I'M GONNA FIND YOU...
Mina: JACK!
[GRUNTS]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
ALL THE WAY UP HERE?
IS IT TOO MUCH TO ASK
FOR SOME ALONE TIME?!
CARLY'S GLASSES...
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
CAN'T I HAVE SOMEONE
TO DUEL FOR?!
[GASP]
JACK, SORRY!
BUT, YOU WON'T BELIEVE
WHAT'S HAPPENING...
BELIEVE WHAT MINA?
WHAT'S HAPPENING
IN THE SATELLITE!
SO, ARE YOU EVER GOING
TO SUMMON A REAL MONSTER,
OR ARE YOU GONNA
KEEP ME LAUGHING...
WITH ALL OF YOUR CLOWNS!
[LAUGHTER]
HAVEN'T YOU HEARD THE SAYING
THAT HE WHO LAUGHS LAST
ALWAYS LAUGHS BEST!
[SNORT] DIDN'T KNOW YOU
DARK SIGNERS LAUGHED!
FOR THE LAST TIME SATELLITE...
I'M NOT A DARK SIGNER!
MY JESTER CONFIT'S
TOO BAROQUE
TO BE A PART OF SUCH
AN EVIL ORGANIZATION.
WHOA.
NOW THAT'S AN OUTFIT.
IT'S LIKE MY FIFTH
BIRTHDAY PARTY
ALL OVER AGAIN!
BUT YOUR CLOWNS GOT
NO ATTACK POINTS;
THEY COULDN'T POP
A BALLOON ANIMAL!
EVEN JESTER LORD
CAN'T ATTACK
SINCE HE LOST
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY!
FOR YOUR SAKE,
I HOPE THESE GUYS
HAVE MORE FIREPOWER THAN
A BOTTLE OF SELTZER!
YOU'LL HAVE TO WAIT
TO FIND OUT.
I END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN!
WELL I DON'T THINK
YOU'RE GONNA BE AROUND
TO PLAY THAT CARD.
BECAUSE I'VE GOT TRICKS
OF MY OWN!
I KNOW YOU DO!
I'VE GOT 'EM RIGHT HERE!
LET'S SEE WHAT YOUR
RECORD SAYS CROW...
HEH! I HAVE YOUR
WHOLE DUELING
HISTORY BEFORE ME.
[GIGGLES]
WELL, PREDICT THIS!
I'M AFRAID
I ALREADY HAVE!
I ACTIVATE
LATE PENALTY!
Duel runner computer: WITH LATE
PENALTY, IF YOUR OPPONENT
HAS NO MONSTERS ON THEIR FIELD
DURING THE STANDBY PHASE,
THEY CANNOT INITIATE
BATTLE THIS TURN.
LOOKS LIKE THE LITTLE
BIRTHDAY BOY
ISN'T GOING TO GET
ANY PRESENTS THIS ROUND!
WHAT?! THAT'S EXACTLY
THE KINDA LOW-DOWN TRICK
THAT SOMEONE LIKE YOU
WOULD USE... DARK SIGNER!
AGAIN WITH THE "SIGNERS?"
COME ON!
UHH. DO I LOOK
THAT INTIMIDATING?
[LAUGHTER]
I'M REALLY STARTING
TO GET SICK OF THIS GUY!
[THINKING] HM...
ACCORDING TO CROW'S
DUELING RECORD,
IT LOOKS LIKE HE'LL TRY TO PLAY
THE TRAP CARD FAKE FEATHER.
IF HE DOES, HE'LL BE
ABLE TO ACTIVATE
ANY TRAP THAT'S
IN MY GRAVEYARD.
NOT AN APPEALING THOUGHT.
MAYBE IF I WERE TO...
HEY! MISTER
"DELAY OF GAME!"
YOU WANNA PAY ATTENTION
AND GET BACK TO THE DUEL?!
'CAUSE UNLESS
YOU'RE TEXTING AN UPDATE
THAT SAYS I'M GONNA WIN,
HOW 'BOUT YOU PUT
THE WACKED OUT
CELL PHONE DOWN, LAZAR!
AND ANYWAY,
IT'S STILL MY MOVE!
I SUMMON BLACKWING, SIROCCO
THE DAWN IN ATTACK MODE!
[THINKING] HMM.
WHAT A PERFECT MONSTER
FOR THIS BIRD BRAIN!
AND AS MUCH AS I WOULD LIKE
TO WIPE THAT SMIRK
OFF YOUR FACE LAZAR,
YOUR TRAP CARD SKIPPED OVER
MY BATTLE PHASE THIS TURN,
SO I GUESS YOU'LL HAVE
TO SETTLE FOR A FACEDOWN!
OH!
WHATEVER WILL I DO?!
JUST LOSE...'CAUSE I'M
PLAYING THIS TRAP!
[GRUNTS]
RELOAD LETS ME
REDRAW MY HAND!
NOW LET'S SEE YOUR PRECIOUS
PROFILE PREDICT THE FUTURE.
AND PREDICT THE FUTURE
IT SHALL.
IT KNOWS YOUR EVERY MOVE
BEFORE YOU CAN EVEN THINK IT.
WE'LL JUST SEE!
I GOTTA NEW HAND!
[GRUNTS]
BUT I THINK I'LL END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN.
AND IF YOU KNEW
WHAT I HAD PLANNED,
YOU'D TAKE THE FIRST
DARK SIGNER EXPRESS
BACK TO WHATEVER ROCK
YOU CRAWLED OUT FROM!
[LAUGHS]
[THINKING]
"DARK SIGNER EXPRESS"?
WHAT A SIMPLETON.
I THINK IT'S TIME
I PUT AN END TO THIS...
I USE THE SPECIAL ABILITY
OF MY JESTER CONFIT!
WHAT?!
DURING THE END
OF YOUR TURN,
WE EACH PICK
ONE MONSTER
AND SEND THEM BACK
TO OUR HAND.
SUCH A SHAME YOU ONLY HAVE
ONE TO CHOOSE FROM!
AW, COME ON!
[GASP]
NO! HOW CAN I FIGHT
A DUEL WHEN YOU KEEP
TAKING AWAY
ALL MY MONSTERS!
STOP THIS
CLOWNIN' AROUND ALREADY!
OH NO!
NOW, JESTER'S
THE ONLY MONSTER LEFT
WHICH MEANS THAT
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY
IS GONNA ACTIVATE!
'N' I'M SURE YOU RECALL
WHAT THAT MEANS
FOR HIS ATTACK POINTS
DON'T YOU CROW?
ADDING YOUR TWO FACEDOWNS
AND MY THREE TRAPS,
WE'VE GOT A TOTAL OF FIVE SPELL
OR TRAP CARDS ON THE FIELD.
WE MULTIPLY THAT NUMBER
BY A THOUSAND
TO GET JESTER LORD'S NEW
AND IMPROVED ATTACK POINTS!
[JESTER LAUGHS]
AWWW! WE'RE THROUGH!
NO! IT'S OVER!
AND IT'S ALL MY FAULT!
I'M THE WORST DUELIST
IN THE WORLD.
NO, THE UNIVERSE!
WELL IF YOU CONTINUE TO GO ON
CACKLING LIKE THIS,
I'LL HAVE NO CHOICE BUT
TO TELL SECTOR SECURITY
TO PERMANENTLY PLACE YOU
IN A CAGE
WHERE A CHICKEN LIKE YOU
WILL FEEL RIGHT AT HOME.
PLEASE STOP WHINING!
I CAN'T EVEN
HEAR MYSELF DUEL!
PUH-LEEEZE!
THE DARK SINGERS WON!
FOR THE LAST TIME,
I'M NOT A DARK SIGNER.
BUT YOU MIGHT THINK I'M WORSE
AFTER I SEND YOU
BACK TO THE FACILITY.
ALL YOU SATELLITES
ARE THE SAME.
YOUR LITTLE UNDERGROUND
DUELS... ILLEGAL DECKS...
NO WONDER SECURITY HAS A FILE
ON YOU A THOUSAND GIGS DEEP!
THE MORE THEY KNOW,
THE MORE I KNOW.
NOW LET'S JUST SEE
WHAT OTHER TRICKS
YOU MIGHT HAVE
UP YOUR SLEEVE.
NOW THEN, WHAT DOES THIS
SATELLITE HAVE IN THE WORKS...
UH, WOULD YOU MIND GIVING ME
A QUICK SECOND HERE?
[THINKING] WHY IS THIS
THING STILL SAYING
HE'S GOING TO USE HIS
FAKE FEATHER TRAP?!
THIS CAN'T BE ACCURATE!
THAT TRAP
REQUIRES HIS SIROCCO
TO BE IN HIS HAND,
SO WHY DID HE BOTHER
SUMMONING IT ORIGINALLY?
UNLESS... THE INTEL'S
CORRECT AND HE DID
PLACE HIS FAKE FEATHER
DOWN FIRST.
NO, I'M GIVING HIM
TOO MUCH CREDIT.
AFTER PLAYING
HIS RELOAD TRAP,
HE WOULD HAVE PLACED HIS
FAKE FEATHER DOWN SECOND.
N' NOW THAT I KNOW
WHERE IT IS HE'S FINISHED!
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP CARD
OF DISTRAIN!
IF YOU HAVE TWO OR MORE
FACEDOWN CARDS ON THE FIELD,
I GET TO CHOOSE ONE
AND FREEZE IT,
MEANING IT'S OFF LIMITS
ALL ROUND!
[CHUCKLES]
SORRY!
AND GUESS WHAT?
I KNOW WHERE
FAKE FEATHER'S HIDING!
AND NOW, WITH THAT
TRAP TRAPPED...
JESTER LORD'S SAFE
TO ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
GOOD-BYE CROW!
[JESTER LORD LAUGHS]
DON'T THINK SO!
I ACTIVATE FAKE FEATHER!
IT CAN'T BE!
YOU DON'T THINK ALL THAT
SOBBING WAS REAL, DO YA?
IT'S A TRICK I PICKED UP
IN THE STREETS
TO GET SOMEONE
JUST LIKE YOU
OVERCONFIDENT!
DON'T FEEL BAD!
IF IT'S ANY CONSOLATION
I'VE BEATEN DUELERS
WAY BETTER THAN YOU!
NOW, ONE OF THE TRAPS
IN YOUR GRAVEYARD
BECOMES PROPERTY
OF YOURS TRULY!
'N I'M THINKING
IMPERIAL MANNERS
IS THE PERFECT FIT!
IF ONE OF YOUR
MONSTERS ATTACKS
WHEN I GOT NO GUYS
ON MY FIELD
TO PROTECT ME,
WELL THEN...
ALL OF YOUR MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD
ARE DESTROYED! HA!
[GROANS]
DON'T YOU KNOW
THAT REAL MEN
DUEL THEIR OPPONENTS
WITH DECKS 'N' SKILL,
NOT WITH SOME
CHEAP PETTY PROFILE.
COME ON LAZAR!
I FIGURED YOU
DARK SIGNERS WOULD KNOW
THAT DUELING'S
ABOUT HEART AND SOUL,
NOT A CIRCUIT BOARD.
YOU THINK YOU ARE
JUST SO SMART!
DOING ALL THE THINGS
YOU'VE BEEN DOING...
PRETENDING TO BE
AFRAID OF CLOWNS,
LETTING YOUR OWN
MONSTERS VANISH...
WELL TO BE HONEST CLOWNS
USED TO FREAK ME OUT,
BUT NOT ANYMORE.
GOOD FOR YOU.
I'M JUST SO PLEASED
YOU WERE ABLE TO OVERCOME
THE TRAUMA OF YOUR
FIFTH BIRTHDAY PARTY.
[CHUCKLES] SPEAKING
OF WHICH, YOU EVER THINK
'BOUT GETTING
A CLOWN GIG YOURSELF?
WITH THAT
MAKE-UP AND HAIR
YOU COULD PULL IT OFF!
WHILE I DON'T WANT TO INTERRUPT
YOUR STAND-UP ROUTINE
THERE'S SOMETHING
YOU REALLY OUGHT TO KNOW.
YOU SEE, MY TRAP HAS A LITTLE
THING I LIKE TO CALL
AN INSURANCE POLICY!
IF YOU HAPPEN TO ACTIVATE
THE CARD THAT I DIDN'T PICK,
GUESS WHAT?
YOU'RE OUT 800 LIFE POINTS!
[LAUGHS]
NO WAY!
[GROANS]
AND NOW, HERE'S ONE MORE
SHOCKING SURPRISE CROW. HA!
WHY'D YOU BRING
HIM BACK?
YOU SEE, IF I
SPECIAL SUMMON
JESTER CONFIT,
ANY MONSTER YOU SUMMON
GOES BACK TO YOUR HAND
AT THE END OF YOUR TURN!
AND NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE THIS:
SPIRIT BURNER!
WITH THIS CARD IN PLAY,
NOT ONLY DOES MY JESTER
SWITCH TO DEFENSE MODE,
BUT IT ALSO RETURNS TO MY HAND
AT THE END OF YOUR TURN.
BUT WHEN THAT HAPPENS,
YOU LOSE 600 POINTS!
THIS DUEL IS OVER CROW,
KNOW WHY?
'CAUSE THERE'S NOTHING
YOU CAN DO.
THANKS TO MY
LATE PENALTY TRAP CARD
IF YOU SUMMON A MONSTER
YOU WON'T BE ABLE
TO ATTACK WITH IT!
EVEN WHEN YOU CAN,
JESTER CONFIT WILL SEND IT
BACK TO YOUR HAND.
AND MY OTHER TWO TRAPS
PUT YOUR OPTIONS SOMEWHERE
BETWEEN ZERO AND NIL!
I TOLD YOU: HE WHO LAUGHS LAST,
LAUGHS BEST.
AND GUESS WHAT?
YOU'RE GOING TO LOSE PAL!
SEE MY FIELD'S NOT EMPTY.
I'M SURE YOU RECALL
THAT LITTLE TRAP OF MINE
YOU FROZE LAST ROUND...
NOW THAT CARD'S
ALL THAWED OUT!
LET'S SEE WHAT IT IS NOW,
SHALL WE? HA.
I ACTIVATE MY FACEDOWN:
TRAP STUN!
AND WITH THIS BAD BOY
IN PLAY
I CAN FORCE
ALL OF YOUR TRAPS
TO TAKE THE ROUND OFF LAZAR.
WAIT! YOU CAN'T!
OH! OH!
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE
NOT SO TOUGH
WITHOUT YOUR THREE TRAPS
OUT THERE ARE YOU?
SYNCHRO SUMMONS,
SPECIAL ATTACKS,
NOW I CAN DO IT ALL WITHOUT
YOU GETTING IN MY WAY LAZAR!
[WHIMPERS]
I PLAY: BLACKWING,
BLIZZARD THE FAR NORTH!
[CAWING]
AND, ONCE IT'S SUMMONED
I GET A BONUS:
IF THERE'S ANOTHER BLACKWING
IN MY GRAVEYARD,
THEN I GET TO SUMMON HIM
TO MY FIELD IN DEFENSE MODE.
SO ONE MORE TIME...
HERE'S BLACKWING...
BORA THE SPEAR!
HOW 'BOUT NOW WE TRY
A LITTLE TUNIN' FUN?
BLIZZARD OF THE FAR NORTH
JOIN FORCES
WITH BLACKWING
BORA THE SPEAR!
IF YOU DARK SIGNERS
HAVE NEVER SEEN
A BLACKWING SYNCHRO SUMMON,
HERE'S A LITTLE AIR MAIL
MESSAGE YOU'LL NEVER FORGET!
I'M NOT A DARK SIGNER!
OH YEAH, WELL TELL
MY BLACKWING... ARMED WING!
FINE, SO YOU SUMMONED
A BIG MONSTER.
IT'LL TAKE MORE THAN THAT!
YOU STILL CAN'T TOUCH ME!
JESTER'S IN DEFENSE MODE
WHICH MEANS
YOUR DAMAGE WON'T GO THROUGH!
UM, I HATE TO PUT
A DAMPER ON THINGS,
BUT WHENEVER MY
ARMED WING ATTACKS,
HE GAINS AN EXTRA
500 POINTS,
AND CAN SLICE RIGHT
THROUGH YOUR "BIG-D"!
YOU CAN'T!
ARMED WING,
ATTACK JESTER CONFIT!
[MOANS]
[WAILS]
WELL, LOOKS LIKE WE'RE
ALL TIED UP AREN'T WE?
I HOPE YOU KNOW
WHAT THIS MEANS...
IT'S TIME THAT
I BRING OUT THE BIG GUNS
AND SEND IN THE CLOWNS!
[GRUNTS]
WHAT'S THAT?!
AN EARTHQUAKE!
NO! IT'S...
IT'S THE DARK SIGNERS,
CROW!
WAIT. SO YOU'RE
NOT ONE OF THEM?
THAT'S WHAT I'VE BEEN
TRYING TO TELL YOU!
[BOTH SCREAM]
Crow: WHOA!
WHAT'S HAPPENING?!
DO YOU THINK IT'S
THE DARK SIGNERS?!
I'M NOT PLANNING ON STAYING
AROUND SO I CAN FIND OUT!
HAVE FUN CROW!
IT'S BEEN... BYE!
WAIT! LAZAR?!
YOU CAN'T JUST RUN AWAY!
WE'RE IN THE MIDDLE
OF A DUEL!
FINE! YOU WIN!
CONGRATULATIONS!
I'LL SEND YOU
A GIFT BASKET!
YOU KNOW THAT'S NOT
HOW IT WORKS YOU LITTLE
CLOWN-FACED CHEATER!
[GRUNTS]
AAH!
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
SOME THINGS ARE MORE
IMPORTANT THAN DUELING...
LIKE MY LIFE!
HUH?!
IT'S BEEN A PLEASURE, BUT
I WOULDN'T HOLD MY BREATH
FOR THAT REMATCH!
BUH-BYEEEEEEEEE....
WHAT'S YOUR HURRY?!
WHADDYA SEE?!
GET BACK DOWN HERE
AND DUEL ME... HUH?
UH-OH.
WAIT FOR ME!
[GRUNTS]
WHAT IS THAT!
IT'S EVERYWHERE!
WHOA. WHO ORDERED
THE SMOKE MACHINE?
[ALL GASP]
COME ON!
JUS' A LIL' FASTER...
I CAN'T CATCH A BREAK!
FIRST IT WAS CLOWNS,
NOW IT'S CLOUDS!
Mina: YOU NEED TO SEE THIS!
[ALL GASP]
Akiza: EVERYONE SEEMS
TO HAVE VANISHED!
Luna: WHAT HAPPENED
TO SATELLITE?
Leo: IT LOOKS LIKE IT TURNED
INTO A GHOST TOWN!
IT HAS TO BE
THE DARK SIGNERS.
YEAH, BUT WHAT'D THEY DO?
I'M AFRAID IT'S
A MYSTERY JACK.
IF I GUESSED, SOME SORT
OF MYSTICAL BARRIER
THAT CAME FROM
SOMEWHERE UNDERGROUND.
CAN WE FLY IN?
I THINK SO.
BUT IT'S DANGEROUS...
SCANS DON'T PENETRATE AND...
WE COULD LOSE OUR
VID FEED ANY SECOND.
[ALL GASP]
WELL, I'VE HEARD ENOUGH!
I'M GOING RIGHT NOW!
THAT SURE BEATS SITTIN' HERE
DOIN' NOTHING, YOU HEAR ME?!
OF COURSE...
I'LL CALL THE HELICOPTER,
BUT JACK,
WE HAVE NO IDEA WHAT'S
WAITING FOR YOU OVER THERE!
Man: HEY!
WE WANT SOME ANSWERS, NOW!
Second man: WHAT'S WITH
THE PURPLE LIGHTS
AND MISSING PEOPLE!
Third man:
THIS IS A COVER-UP!
PLEASE! EVERYONE NEEDS
TO JUST STAY CALM!
DIRECTOR GOODWIN IS COMING!
HE'LL EXPLAIN ALL THIS!
EVERYTHING'S GOING TO BE FINE!
HE'S JUST
TELLING US MORE LIES!
MY HOUSE IS IN PIECES, AND I
STILL HAVE NO IDEA WHAT DID IT!
YOU'RE SECURITY RIGHT?
WELL, SECURE US!
I DON'T HAVE ANY
INFORMATION FOR YOU!
PLEASE DISPERSE UNTIL
THE DIRECTOR ARRIVES
OR YOU WILL BE DETAINED
FOR CIVIL DISOBEDIENCE.
[ALL SHOUTING]
I'M REPORTING LIVE
FROM DOWNTOWN!
FOLLOWING STRANGE OCCURRENCES,
THINGS ARE AS BAD AS EVER...
MISSING PEOPLE,
STRANGE LIGHTS, AND NOW:
A STRANGE FOG HAS COVERED
ALL OF SATELL... WHAT?!
WHAT'S GOODWIN
DOING, HUH?!
YEAH! WHERE IS HE?!
HEY, YOU HAVE TO BE A
PROFESSIONAL BROADCASTER... HUH?!
IT'S THE END O'THA WORLD!
WE'RE ALL GONNA VANISH!
STOP IT!
[ALL SHOUTING]
[GRUNTS]
DIRECTOR GOODWIN!
YOU GOT A RIOT ON
YOUR HANDS DOWN HERE!
YOU HAVE TO TALK TO
ALL THESE PEOPLE, NOW!
I'M AFRAID NOT.
THERE ARE...
MORE IMPORTANT DUTIES
THAT I MUST ATTEND TO.
"MORE IMPORTANT?!"
THIS CITY'S GOING
TO TEAR ITSELF APART!
WELL IF YOU'D LIKE FOR ME
TO CONTINUE TO FEED YOU
YOUR EXCLUSIVE SCOOPS,
I'D USE YOUR SKILLS
TO CALM THE CROWD.
WHAT?! WHAT'S GOIN' ON?!
YOU OWE ME
THIS INFO GOODWIN!
I'LL TELL EVERYONE...
WE'RE READY
TO TAKE OFF NOW SIR.
WAIT FOR ME.
HUH?
I'D LIKE TO TALK TO MY TROOPS
BEFORE THE BATTLE.
AFTER ALL, THIS MAY BE MY
LAST OPPORTUNITY TO DO SO.
YES, SIR.
OF COURSE.
[THINKING] I JUST WISH
I COULD LEND THEM A HAND,
BUT THIS PALM KNOWS
OF ONLY ONE FUTURE.
Luna: WELL, THIS IS IT!
[LEO GROANS]
JACK, CAN I
ASK YOU A QUESTION?
I'D PREFER NOT.
BUT WE ALL KNOW
THAT THE DARK SIGNERS
LOVE REVENGE AND ANGER.
YOUR POINT BEING?
THAT THEY MIGHT BE ABLE
TO USE THAT AGAINST ME?
CARLY'S OUT THERE SOMEWHERE,
I JUST KNOW IT
AND I'M GOING TO
GET HER BACK,
EVEN IF IT MEANS TAKING OUT
EVERY DARK SIGNER
THAT DARES GET IN MY WAY.
LET'S STAY
ON TASK, GENTLEMEN.
YOU NEED TO GET
TO THE ORIGINAL
ENER-D REACTOR
IN THE SATELLITE.
"ORIGINAL" WHAT NOW?
Leo: WHAT'S IT DO?
IT'S THE SOURCE
OF THE NEGATIVE ENERGY
THAT CAUSED THIS
DARK SMOKE TO APPEAR.
AND IN A TWIST OF FATE,
IT WAS BUILT
BY YUSEI'S FATHER.
YOU MEAN LIKE OUR YUSEI?!
ARE YOU FOR REAL?
YEAH ARE YOU?
Goodwin: YES AND THIS
IS HIS OPPORTUNITY
TO HEAL THE MISTAKES
OF THE PAST.
AND NOW, ALL OF YOU
HAVE THE CHANCE
TO MAKE THINGS
RIGHT AGAIN.
YOU MUST BEAT
THE DARK SIGNERS
AND FIND THE REACTOR.
THEN, IF YOU'RE ABLE,
ACTIVATE IT IN REVERSE.
HOPEFULLY, THIS WILL
CREATE A SURGE
OF POSITIVE ENERGY
AND IMPRISON
THE SHADOW ARMY AGAIN.
[LEO, LUNA,
AND AKIZA GRUNT]
I'VE ARRANGED FOR
SPECIAL TRANSPORTATION
TO THE SATELLITE
SECTOR...
I BELIEVE YOU ALREADY
KNOW THE PILOT...
[GRUNTS]
REPORTING AS ORDERED!
WE'RE FULLY FUELED
AND READY FOR TAKE OFF!
THAT'S EXCELLENT.
HOPE YOU PACKED
SOME PEANUTS...
I'M SUPPOSED TO FLY YOU?!
GOODWIN WHAT IS IT
WITH YOU 'N THIS GUY?!
YOU WANT 'EM IN JAIL,
YOU WANT 'EM OUT,
NOW YOU'RE GIVING HIM
A FIRST CLASS RIDE...
WELL YOU CAN FORGET IT!
OFFICER TRUDGE,
NICE TO SEE YOU!
OH... MINA!
IT'S SO GOOD
TO SEE YOU, TOO;
DID YOU GET THE FLOWERS
I SENT YOU?
OF COURSE I DID!
YOU SHOULD PROBABLY KNOW
THAT I'M FLYING TOO!
YOU ARE?...
Mina: WE'RE GOOD TO GO.
NOW LET'S BOARD UP!
Jack: I CAN'T BELIEVE
I HAVE TO FLY ECONOMY.
Yusei: WAIT.
[LEO, LUNA, AND AKIZA GRUNT]
Leo: WHAT... DO YOU GET
AIR SICK?
BEFORE WE GO ANY FURTHER
I NEED YOU TO PROMISE
ME SOMETHING..
WHAT IS IT?
IF WE'RE SUCCESSFUL
AND SAVE THE WORLD
YOU NEED TO FINISH
THAT BRIDGE
CONNECTING THE SATELLITE
N' THE CITY.
PEOPLE HAVE A RIGHT
TO BE FREE,
AND I WON'T GO
UNLESS YOU AGREE.
[GASP]
[BOTH GASP]
[THINKING]
WHAT A WASTE OF TIME.
IT MAY NOT EVEN BE POSSIBLE
TO DO WHAT YOU ASK, YUSEI.
N' WHY'S THAT?
FOR YEARS, THE PEOPLE OF
THE SATELLITE AND THE CITY
LIVED FAR APART.
IT'S A WAY OF LIFE
EVERYONE ACCEPTS.
CHANGE TAKES TIME.
THEN I GUESS YOU'LL HAVE
TO FIND A SIXTH SIGNER,
'CAUSE UNLESS YOU
PROMISE TO DO IT THEN
YOU'RE ONE DECK SHORT.
VERY WELL.
I'LL BUILD THE BRIDGE.
Trudge: LET'S MOVE IT
PRETTY BOY!
THERE'S NO TIME TO WASTE!
[SIGH]
Goodwin: GOOD LUCK EVERYONE.
THE FATE OF THE WORLD
IS IN YOUR HANDS.
AND YUSEI, DO NOT
DOUBT YOURSELF...
Trudge: YOU'VE GOT SOME
WELL WISHERS STARBOARD SIDE.
[GASP]
Dexter: LEO! LUNA!
Yanagi: GOOD LUCK!
KICK SOME DARK SIGNER DECK!
WE WILL!
WE'LL BE BACK SOON,
YOU GUYS!
YOU'LL DO GREAT!
WE'RE ALL COUNTING ON YOU!
WE'LL KEEP
THE JACUZZI WARM!
DON'T TOUCH MY STUFF!
GOOD-BYE!
[THINKING] I PROMISE IT WON'T
BE GOOD-BYE FOREVER
'CAUSE I'M GONNA
DO EVERYTHING I CAN
TO BEAT THESE DARK SIGNERS!